So these are for read and these on the green beans These are amazing.
These for sure can be.
These foods can be made these these like these green.
OK.
So you need to fill all these are you have to do all these things get it in before these four points
again make it different reverse.
So let's do it.
I'm just going to copy and paste it to make it get into words and let's see what it is.
See that one is going.
We know you have three.
It is saying there are no outbound links appear in the page.
Consider adding some appropriate links me link to some other websites.
There's no link to some other Web site in this post and consider adding some further let's add the link
to the blog where we just took this post.
OK just a demonstration but it is not that important but it is good if your post has some external links.
So for example check out the full article here.
So let's add girdling to this.
Here is here.
Just highlight it and click on the link there and paste the link here.
Call Airlink can see here.
Now we have an Barbara link.
OK let me edit this link and click on Open link in new double.
We don't want our window to appear to go to some other website.
OK we want to go we want to have another tab for this link so we have an oddball reading.
Ok now we have only 2 points.
Ok that is also gone.
No but we have the focus Givre doesn't appear in the queue for this bit.
If you decide to rename the Eurail be sure to check the old you are running redirects to the new one.
OK what are you saying that it is saying that this is basically the JERYL of our boss but it doesn't
have the focus GIBBERD It is had it has the boss number which is 51 but we voided the title to be here
OK.
To do that what you need to do is go here and that is starting off the post and click on this edit OK
and less added the title or you are out of our workforce.
What I'm going to do.
Copy this and I'm going to paste it here again.
OK and this is going to be the link and you can see the focus word is no is in the link.
Symptoms.
Let's see what it says.
OK that error is gone.
But now we have another error by adding the diff.
Adding the symptoms in the UL but it says it's is LUGG for this page contains one or more stop Verd
consider removing them.
Though a lot of people don't understand this error what error this is but what I'm going to tell you
here.
Keep that in mind.
OK never forget this again because this is the line that most of the people don't understand what is
thing missing that the slot for this bit slug is basically this.
This one started with just added.
Right now this is the slug.
The slug for this page contains one or more Stoppard's.
It says that this data here can be one or more one or more stop words remove them stop words or stop
words are words like the of a.
These kinds of words are stop words OK.
R and R These words are stop words.
Now you can see we have off here.
Let's remove this and see what happens and.
OK we still have.
Let's move this summer to see that that era is gone.
Some of us stoppered.
We'll get to those are they Stopford.
Make sure to move don't move though as far as you can.
And you can see all these are green and me this means that this board is going to be great for you.
OK.
Now we have only one error.
That is it isn't absolutely the error.
Like I said these are not the errors but make but keep the settings as good as possible.
Sometimes it is not possible to make these settings good because we have some because the post is not
that awesome because you cannot write that awesome post or we can not do some of the settings that dissing
us to do but.
But do whatever you can.
OK.
What is what is possible to work at what is possible.
OK so now we have the desk contains two sixty eight words slightly below the tune.
OK.
I copied and pasted it but still it is still it is less so let's add copy paste again.
It is slightly liberal just a word.
Come on man.
OK so let's copy paste again
and let's see what we have.
OK.
See now our cost is really amazing.
Far as.
Oh.
So this is how you optimize your post for.
Or no.
This is the green signal for our post.
This post is going to be amazing.
Far as he ordered the search engines like Google being now you can see we have two more options.
But we the most important one is this Are we just done.
OK.
This is the most important one we can this and see what we have.
Good As It Is this is basically the settings that you don't want to use.
OK.
All right.
These are basically a follow are not disposed to or don't know but these are.
It is called these are vast and you don't want to mess with this.
OK.
So next we have is sharing.
For example Bideford whenever someone shared this Borst this does appear in on Facebook this description
the way is we see this description.
This one will appear on Facebook.
This study appeared this link will appear but if you want to override the sendings override means.
If you want to choose some other titles some other description on Facebook you can do that by going
to this and reading catalyses appear on Facebook and this description will appear on Facebook and fordable
you want to use that image instead of feature the image upload that image and that image will appear
on Facebook.
OK.
But it does if you don't want to use these.
Always keep them to you get the next thing we have is what do we do the same thing you can do is for
the Twitter right here OK.
So now I hope you guys got the idea how we can optimize our boss for as eat or and make sure you install
this plugin add all the settings that I have during the previous What do you earn in this video.
And so tell us what is real in the next video we're going to do some more for as well.
So I think you were watching this video I will see you in the next video.